I
little Bobby playin with a six year old
friend plastic horses gallop on
imaginary when they play all day when
Bobby asked what he wants next year when
he turns seven with a sigh his friend
replies are there horses in heaven
are there horses in heaven can we ride
them to the stars will they take us up
to Jesus and drop us off and his arms
will I know he'll write them before i
get to be seven i just got to know are
there horses in heaven
after months and months of chemo Bobby's
friend is getting weak he spends less
and less time here he can hardly speak
Bobby asked him what he wants it's month
when he turns seven died hold on his
little horse he says are there horses in
heaven
are there horses and
can we ride them to the Stars will they
take a self to Jesus and drop a song
of his arm
will I know
before I get to be seven someone tell me
please are there horses in heaven
Bobby didn't see his friend after that
day came his mama couldn't find the
words she didn't know how to explain she
finally told little Bobby your friend
never reached seven Bobby said I know
mommy told me Oh guess what there are
horses in heaven
there are horses and
we can ride them to the stars because
they took him up to Jesus and dropped
him off in his arms
rob them
got to see seven now he knows there are
horses in here
there are horses and men
we can ride them to the stars because
they took him up to Jesus and drop him
off in his arms and he knew how to ride
he never got to see seven now he knows
there are horses in heaven now he knows
there are horses in heaven
you